Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
I thought you might be dead.
No. I'm not dead.
I just found out. I was in rehab.
They take away your phone.
Rehab?
I came as soon as…
I'm so sorry.
And I'm here.
I'm here.
Oh. my fucking God.
Hi.
Susie. this is Jinx.
This is my father.
He's your dad?
And you didn't tell me because…
Well…
Yeah. Susie's a fan.
And I was embarrassed…
I don't know. Just… Not of you.
Just. it felt weird.
Is that him?
Can I meet him?
You're a grandpa.
Everyone says he's beautiful.
So. I'm going with that.
He's the most beautiful.
I brought you a check.
Sold an old bike.
It's not much. but I'm sorry
I wasn't able to call you back.
Where are you staying?
Well. for tonight I gotta figure.
and then starting tomorrow.
guess I gotta figure that too.
Can I hold him?
He's a little fussy.
Hey.
Hey. little man.
Wow.
He likes you.
It's fine if you wanna stay
the night tonight.
Wow.
Hey.
Your dad is cleaning the bathroom
with a toothbrush.
I know. I'm sorry. He'll be gone soon.
Oh. it's okay.
I just can't believe Jinx
is in my apartment.
Morning.
Hey. Morning. How'd you sleep?
Like a baby.
Speaking of which. I still cannot believe
that this tiny human…
He just cries nonstop with Mom.
How… How is she? Shyanne.
She's good. She just got…
new and improved implants.
They're amazing.
She always did have the best.
If I may. I would like to apologize
for my flummoxed state last night.
The thing is. you…
You're my favorite wrestler.
I understand. And I thank you.
So. what have we got on for today?
A job interview and a meeting.
You want me to watch Bodhi?
No. Not at all. We're gonna tag team this.
All right. Go get 'em. baby.
Yeah.
You want this?
Be a good boy.
Mommy has an interview. Yes.
Miss Millet.
Yes.
You brought a baby?
Yes. This is Bodhi.
Of course. I would obviously have
child care in place. should I get a job.
I do not intend to bring Bodhi to work.
But you brought him here.
Well. I apologize if that's a problem.
Work experience. I'm seeing waitressing.
"Delivered food and drinks promptly
while managing time between orders."
That's kind of the same thing.
"Froyo Go. frozen yogurt barista.
Maintained yogurt and topping levels."
It says. "toppling."
That's a typo and I won't hold that
against you.
So. anything else?
Yes. my writing skills are a strength.
I was actually studying it in school
at the time I became pregnant.
My professor. in fact. said…
Your professor said what?
That… I have a gift.
Meaning with my writing.
Cool.
So. writing.
bookkeeping skills. waitressing.
Anything else?
Exactly.
I beg your pardon?
Anything else. Whatever job there is.
Even manual labor.
I'm open to digging ditches even.
Looks like you've already dug one.
She sounds like a total bitch.
- Yeah. she sorta was.
- I take it she didn't place you?
No. She said that she'd keep her eyes
peeled for any waitress offer openings.
You should chronicle all of this.
Raising Baby.
Like a Stephen King horror thing.
- Maybe.
- When life comes at you.
you write it down.
Your destination is 200 feet
ahead on the right.
Okay. I gotta go.
I have my big sit-down with Godzilla mom.
I love you. Talk later. bye.
Can I help you?
I'm here to see Mr. Boch.
He's on the sixth floor.
Hi.
Well.
we certainly weren't expecting this.
Sorry. My…
My nanny had to briefly
return to Sweden to pick up her Nobel.
Hello. I'm Lawrence J. Boch.
Margo M. Millet.
Margo. won't you have a seat?
Mark has informed us of your threat.
I didn't threaten him.
Now. you listen to me.
I have been accused
of looking like a racoon.
Well. I actually have
the disposition of one as well.
Cute and cuddly until I'm fucked with.
All right. Elizabeth. Allow me.
Margo. my approach to the practice of law
is a bit unconventional.
I like to take the fastest path to happy.
Now. does that seem like a path
that would appeal to you?
It sounds lovely.
It is.
My client was quite unsettled when
you showed up at his office yesterday.
He was. in fact. deeply unsettled.
He detected a tenor of blackmail.
Blackmail?
Oh. you must think
you're so clever.
- With your little trap.
- Elizabeth. please.
Margo. we are prepared to tender a check.
This would be $50.000 for your child
placed into a trust.
Invested into a mutual fund.
That money. of course.
would compound and grow.
By the time the child turns 18.
it would have an approximate value of…
around $300.000.
That money would vest
and become his at that time.
In exchange…
You will agree to not attend Fullerton
either now or in the future.
You will further agree
not to contact Mark or his family.
And you would need to sign
a nondisclosure agreement.
along with a release of all future claims.
So?
Do you agree?
I agree.
Are you sure?
But that means you can't use that money.
How are you gonna pay next month's rent?
I know.
But a trust fund for Bodhi?
Yeah.
Hey. where are you now?
I'm almost home. I'll see you in a sec.
Oh. good. 'Cause…
"Um." what?
- Hey.
So. what's going on?
Well. he's been cleaning all day.
Your dad.
And he's in there right now.
buffing out the appliances.
What?
Dad? What are you doing?
It's an oven. Not a wok.
You really don't need to be doing that.
I kinda do. It occupies me.
Hungry?
- How's my little man?
- He's good.
You should probably switch
to the other so you don't get lopsided.
I got it.
Don't get up. Susie.
What the fuck?
What are you doing here?
Yeah. I was a little late
for the May Day party.
I should say so.
You look really good.
Mom. Why are you here?
My daughter lives here. My grandson.
Yeah. I know. Of course.
I mean. you're always welcome.
It's just… You didn't tell me.
I wanted to surprise you.
I brought your dress.
- Dress?
- Yeah. For my… my… my thing.
What thing?
It's your maid of honor dress.
I'm your maid of honor?
Wait. You're getting married?
Yes. I'm engaged to a very lovely man.
Wow.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
It's probably tight across the top.
but I think by wedding day and…
We have a fitting. 9:00 a.m. Wednesday.
My God. it's incredible.
Yeah? You really like it? You promise?
It's. like. one of the most
beautiful dresses I've ever seen.
Yeah. It really is beautiful.
You know. your hand… Oil.
Okay. Well… my shift starts in 30 minutes.
so. I… I guess I better be going.
So. Jinx. it was really nice
to see you again.
- Cool.
- And…
I'll shoot you the address
for the fitting.
Okay. Bye!
Bye.
Yeah.
Dad. you okay?
Yeah. Yeah. I'm fine.
I gotta clean that… Clean some stuff up.
I gotta make a diaper run.
Do you think you could watch him
for like. an hour?
Yeah. Sure.
Thanks.
Your total comes out to $238.
Finishing kick!
Okay. Okay.
- It's… a little dramatic.
- Little man.
Here. Give him to me.
You just gotta give him a little bounce.
There he is.
Yeah. He's okay.
- Hey. baby.
- Hey.
Hey. How's he doing?
Oh. he's doing just awesome.
Because you're an awesome little man.
All right.
Just coming through.
Time for a little nap.
Slo-mo body slam.
Oh. wait. That's Arabella.
I didn't know she went to AEW.
Yeah. it happened months ago.
Well. she was with WWE.
but then her contract got terminated
because she…
You heard of OnlyFans?
Yeah. of course.
Everyone has. It's amateur porn.
Well. it's not just porn.
True. A lot of cosplayers
make bank on OnlyFans.
Arabella had a following. I heard.
But WWE didn't wanna be
associated with it.
Like how much?
Sorry?
How much money did she make?
She said she made more in one month
on OnlyFans
than in a whole year of wrestling.
Hush. hush.
She's about to do her finisher.
Yes!
Okay. If I were gonna kill a man.
that is how I would do it.
Hey.
Listen.
Susie mentioned that
you might be looking for a roommate.
And I need a place to live.
Well…
I mean. look.
I can't contribute a ton for rent.
The divorce wiped me out.
but I can cook and I can clean.
And the idea of getting to
spend time with you. Lost time.
Okay. I think I got my answer.
It's not…
No. we do need a roommate and
it would be nice to spend time with you.
But?
I know the statistics on drug addicts.
And if you were gonna stay here.
you would have to be clean…
if you were gonna be around Bodhi.
Margo… I am clean.
I am the one
who checked myself into rehab.
Why me? Why don't you ask Andrea
or one of the boys?
I mean. I checked their Instagrams.
I know they're financially stable.
My therapist thinks
that the stress of those relationships
might cause me to relapse.
And the idea of getting your own place?
I would definitely relapse.
I mean. there would be no one
to perform sanity for.
You two decide.
I'm okay with whatever.
How bad did it get?
You know. I've had multiple surgeries
on my spine over the years.
Not taking the pain pills
wasn't an option.
Taking them as prescribed
Hoarding them. abusing them.
taking a lot at once.
And then it was heroin.
But I am determined…
and desperate…
not to go back to that place.
You know I love you.
Do you know that. Dad?
You can stay.
Just take some time. Take some time
and think about it. you and Susie.
I want you to stay.
Take my whole life too
'Cause I can't help
Falling in love with you
Like a river flows
Gently to the sea
Darling. so it goes
Our love is mentally
Okay. let's stop.
"Meant to be."
- I'm sorry?
- "Our love is meant to be."
You're saying. "Our love is mentally."
Okay.
Also. you were a little flat.
I'm sorry. what?
Oh. for God's sakes.
Shyanne. it's Elvis Presley.
Why can't we do a Beatles song?
Because we're getting married
in the Elvis Presley Chapel.
And you know how I feel about Elvis.
It's not even a song that champions love.
"Fools rush in."
- You think we're being foolish?
- No.
The song is about the power of love.
And being defenseless against that love.
It's how I feel when I'm with you.
Completely outmatched by this burning love
inside me that I feel for you.
Maybe we can do "Burning Love."
Okay. okay.
Hey. We split the difference.
The Beatles did a little song
called "Let It Be."
Maybe we do Elvis Presley's
"Let It Be Me."
I mean. I think it's kinda sweet.
Oh. come on.
It is.
I mean. nothing against Kenny.
but he probably hasn't had many moments
and he's probably just trying
to milk this one.
Speaking of which.
For Christ's sake.
is everything about breastfeeding?
I'll call you back when I'm done here.
You done?
Okay.
Jesus Christ.
People would pay to see that.
Profile name.
What are we gonna do for Halloween?
Cookies and milk.
Peanut butter jelly time
Peanut butter jelly
Pop it
- Peanut butter jelly. peanut butter…
- Wait.
That's a whole pack of Huggies
right there.
Maybe somebody
will wanna fuck Mommy.
There's this one girl and her whole thing
is just she gets clients to send her
dick pics and then she insults them.
Like. why would men pay $50
to get their dick impugned?
Well. penis loathing
is a whole subculture.
Not just about how it looks or performs.
but after Me Too.
whether it's been ethically applied.
Maybe that's what I should do.
I'll use my writing skills
to offer constructive.
recreational appendage analysis.
Good morning. y'all.
You've been in the bathroom
for 35 minutes.
If it's a medical issue. okay. But…
is it your prostate?
My prostate is fine.
Thank you for your concern.
I meditate. And I need a small space
where I can sit comfortably.
I heard… sounds.
That would be my mantra.
Oh. God. I'm gonna be late for my fitting.
Dad. do you think you could watch Bodhi?
- I'll watch him.
- Actually. no. I'll take him.
No. Margo. Margo. I got him. I got him.
Tight.
Is there life out there?
So much she hasn't done
Is there life beyond her family
And her home?
She's done what she should
Should she do what she dares?
She doesn't want to leave
She's just wondering
Is there life out there?
Thank you.
You both look so wonderful.
The most beautiful bride
and maid of honor.
Mother and daughter. Oh. my God.
I'll be back in a minute.
Yeah. Good. Yeah.
The dress is incredible. Mom.
You look amazing.
Even for me.
- You look pretty drop dead yourself.
- Thank you.
I'm really touched that
you made me the maid of honor.
There's no one else. so…
Don't you think that
you could think of. you know.
a better way to say that?
Like. "There couldn't possibly
be anyone else. sweetheart.
There's no one that I love
and cherish as much as you."
Okay. that.
Did you see the look on Dad's face
when you told him?
No.
Yes. you did.
I could see you clocking his heartbreak.
Do you ever think. like.
maybe you would get back together?
I am spoken for. I am engaged to Kenny.
He's moving in with us. Dad.
I beg your pardon?
He needs a place to live
and I need a roommate. so…
Wait a second. Wait.
Jinx is moving into your apartment?
- It's a little risky. I know.
- No. it's not risky.
- It's insane. Have you lost your mind?
- Mom.
You have a child.
Yeah. And he can help
with the child care thing.
I lost my job. Remember?
And the day care has like.
a six-month wait-list.
Oh. my fucking God.
Is everything okay?
We need a moment.
What are you thinking?
He will not be a good influence on Bodhi.
Was he a bad influence on me?
He wasn't around long enough.
Why are you so angry?
You have to break out of this pattern.
What pattern?
This pattern of doing things that…
without thinking about the consequences.
Meaning what? Me getting knocked up?
Yes. A freshman getting knocked up
by her lit professor.
- That's exactly what I'm talking about.
- Fuck off.
- What did you say?
- I said. "Fuck off!"
I am your mother!
He was never your father.
But no. you don't go telling him
to fuck off. do you?
No. it's. "Oh. move in. Dad.
Share my Netflix password."
Do you know hard it was
being a single mother?
Yeah. I have an idea.
An idea.
'Cause I promise you. it gets harder.
Seems like you want me to apologize
for my conception as well.
This is so like him.
He would swoop in every six months.
hand you a toy and be a hero.
Did you think for one second to say.
"Hey. Mom. Can we move back in with you?"
What?
You swallowed your whole house with
your clothes and your shoes
and your serums.
So. no. I don't think there's room
for a Pack and Play.
It doesn't mean you couldn't ask!
Oh. my fucking God!
You got your own chest pack.
Oh. yeah. It's better for my back.
It doesn't put as much pressure on the L5.
It's Becca.
Hey. girl.
Hi. girl.
Twice in one week.
Yeah. I was thinking…
College can do that to you.
What's going on?
Well. I'm just not sure
about Jinx moving in.
It's wild. I know.
Well. he's maybe turned your mom
into a crazy person.
He's good with the baby
and he cleans the bathroom. so…
- Okay.
- With a toothbrush.
Margo. that's a lot.
It's… It's so a lot.
Two seconds.
Can I make. like. a radical suggestion?
Please don't hate me for it.
What?
That professor of yours.
he was right about one thing.
You can write. You have a future.
That's not a suggestion.
You should be at university.
Yeah. like that's going to happen.
It could happen.
Here's where the radical part comes in.
Foster care. Just temporary
while you get your life together.
You place Bodhi with
a loving foster family.
one who lives close by--
Have you lost your mind?
Well. and then you
could see him every day.
How could you even make that suggestion?
Bodhi needs a mom
who has her act together.
Yeah. well.
I have my fucking act together.
You don't have to get mad.
Well. I am mad.
I mean. what kind of person just casually
places their kid in foster care?
Don't get all high on me.
You were fucking somebody's husband.
Can't say I haven't flushed
a few friends down the toilet myself.
Is it ruined?
Nope. These things are pretty resilient.
Good that your toilet has a small throat.
I came to apologize.
I shouldn't have got so upset with you.
But with you.
Could you excuse us for a second?
What? This is my apartment.
I'd like to have a word
with your father. Okay?
This is a mistake.
It's wrong.
I'm sorry you feel that way.
How selfish can you be?
You near destroyed her life
when you walked out.
What now?
You want to finish the job
and walk back in?
From my observation.
our daughter is not near destroyed.
Yeah. because I saw to it.
And I will continue to see to it.
Margo is still a child. She has a child.
She doesn't need to be
taking on another one with you.
Mom. I think that you've said enough.
You are hanging by a thread.
It's not you. it's just the reality
of being a single mom
with little money. little help. A thread.
I've been there. He hasn't.
And him being here now--
You've said enough.
Wow.
Bye-bye. Daddy.
I'm sorry.
That was unfair.
No. it wasn't.
I've got no right being seen in the light
you evidently see me in.
But I will earn it.
I will become a person
you can be proud of. and my grandson.
Yeah.
It makes sense that
you should probably go. Dad.
Please don't go.
Lonely. hot girl
in financial free fall.
I also rate dicks.
If you want to find out
what Pokémon your dick most resembles
and what attacks it might have.
tip me $20.
You weren't wrong.
You're her mother and Bodhi's grandmother.
You perceived him to be
a threat inside the home.
I mean. you…
you were duty bound to take issue.
A drug addict?
Out of rehab?
I don't know.
but I probably could have been less…
Less what?
Mother sow protects her cubs.
You sow. you.
- Okay.
- What in the world?
What the hell is that guy's problem?
Okay. Stop it.
We like getting clean?
Yeah. Mr. Squeaky Clean.
Squeaky. squeaky clean.
Squeaky. squeaky. squeaky clean.
You know what?
Don't you be listening to the nonsense
that's coming out
of people's mouths around here.
The nonsense like how you ruined my life.
or might have ruined it or…
You made my life.
Made it hard. but…
made it just the same.
And somehow you made me.
Here I am.
I'm on the precipice of utter greatness.
Of which greatness I…
do not yet know. but…
I can feel it.
Our greatness bell is about to chime.
Oh. my fuck.
I have a fan!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm